---
title: "travel"
bg: purple
color: white
fa-icon: plane
---

## **Transport from abroad**

Stockholm happens to be the heart of Scandinavia and hence connections to Stockholm are
available at a very reasonable price all around the year.

## **Within Stockholm**

Stockholm is often praised for its comfortable, efficient and safe transportation. Stockholm
Public Transport, SL, is responsible for buses, underground trains, commuter trains, trams and
certain ferry lines in Greater Stockholm.

The underground is the easiest way to get around town. The city is divided into three zones, and
zone tickets are good for several trips within the hour. Tickets can be purchased at SL Centers,
underground platform barriers, newsagent kiosks or via SMS. It's not possible to pay cash for
tickets on board buses in Stockholm. Most bus stops have ticket machines that take both coins
and cards

Prepaid cards are the best alternative for those making few trips. It's also possible to buy 1, 3, or
7-day cards, which allow free travel in all zones during the validity period. Another alternative is
the Stockholm Card, which allows free travel and free entry to more than 75 museums and
attractions in the city. Stockholm Cards are valid for 2,3 or 5 days.

A trip on the number 69 bus or number 7 tram is a superb way to discover Stockholm. The lines
go out to Djurgården and major attractions like Skansen and the Vasa Museum.

Stockholmers are always heedful of their beautiful surroundings, and this has led to many inner
city buses running on eco-friendly fuels such as ethanol. The Stockholm underground is also
known as the world's longest art gallery as so many of its stations are adorned with the
works of different artists and hence the conference will be facilitated with all the travels using
public transport.