---
title: "accomodation"
bg: blue
color: white
fa-icon: hotel
---

# Accomodation

One key part of the congress involves making sure that our attendees can have a nice place to stay during their 
experience on Stockholm and Sweden.

For this, the team for Nordic SYP 2015 has arranged for hostels located in well communicated areas near the heart of 
the city. This way students, WIE and YP members will be able to rest and receive a nice comfortable experience by 
been in a twin room hostel/hotel, from Stockholm's range of accomodations.

Student and Young professional attendees will be allocated around 2 hostels near the area of centric area of 
Fridhemsplan, which offers direct connection to KTH Kista on public transport, where all the activities will take 
place.

### STF Fridhemsplan Hotel & Hostel:

Located in the residential and office area of the island of Kungsholmen lies Fridhemsplan, a urban area which allows 
easy connectivity with the surrounding islands in Stockholm and with the center of the city. Restaurants, pubs and 
nature/parks can be reached at walk distance. Subway and pendeltåg are accessible from walking distance in addition 
to bus lines.

__Address:__ St Eriksgatan 20, 112 39 Stockholm, Sweden
 
__Insert image here__

### Stockholm Hostel:

Also located nearby STF Fridhemsplan Hotel & Hostel, lies another accomodation alternative offering the same 
connectivity options to other places in the city with subway and pendeltåg in nearby areas.

__Address:__ Alströmergatan 15, 112 47 Stockholm, Sweden

__Insert image here__